you
jubei did IX Mike press f9 on your
computer for the manor buzz I might did
I have far too much respect for itv2
manner paws on him and LAN tournaments
how do you think rtz felt about
menopause I think you're probably put
them on tilt did jubie's manner pause
put you on tilt yes it did who is your
favorite white man you know what the
weird thing is like I always think is
the most famous white person I know and
it's always Hitler how many people will
buy your t-shirts 300 police wrote
sprint second set why God wanted to say
that obviously but like you know when
you're not supposed to say something and
it just keeps running your mind over and
over again and it was like say Hitler
say hit list who's your favorite BTS
caster to cast one but it's gonna be
Larry Bird Larry Bird all right
winter monolith one question was
dignitas or speed a better team to
manage which things across do you like
being called ee sama first I dentists
but now it's gonna go down me look who's
the most popular with the girls probably
the samba
who has a later bedtime art easier
sneaking art easy actually bachelor
probably jail
the worst
all University just all yours always
gonna get big
auntie CRNA and so going to sleep you
start to pin down a daughter